//Provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How do they differ from C#?

Short list of the most popular programming languages 
----------------------------------------------------

C
--------

C is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time, and there are very few computer architectures for which a C compiler does not exist.
It is a general-purpose programming language initially developed by Dennis Ritchie between 1969 and 1973 at AT&T Bell Labs.
C is an imperative (procedural) language. It was designed to be compiled using a relatively straightforward compiler, to provide low-level access to memory, 
to provide language constructs that map efficiently to machine instructions, and to require minimal run-time support. C was therefore useful for many applications that had 
formerly been coded in assembly language, such as in system programming.

Despite its low-level capabilities, the language was designed to encourage cross-platform programming. A standards-compliant and portably written C program can be compiled 
for a very wide variety of computer platforms and operating systems with few changes to its source code. The language has become available on a very wide range of platforms, 
from embedded microcontrollers to supercomputers.

C does not include some features found in newer, more modern high-level languages, including object orientation and garbage collection.


C++
---------

C++ is a statically typed, free-form, multi-paradigm, compiled, general-purpose programming language. It is regarded as an intermediate-level 
language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features.
Developed by Bjarne Stroustrup starting in 1979 at Bell Labs, C++ was originally named C with Classes, adding object oriented features, such as classes, and other 
enhancements to the C programming language. The language was renamed C++ in 1983, as a pun involving the increment operator.

C++ is one of the most popular programming languages and is implemented on a wide variety of hardware and operating system platforms. 
As an efficient compiler to native code, its application domains include systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server
and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games.

C++ has greatly influenced many other popular programming languages, most notably C# and Java. Other successful languages such as Objective-C use a very different syntax 
and approach to adding classes to C.
C++ is also used for hardware design, where the design is initially described in C++, then analyzed, architecturally constrained, and scheduled to create a register-transfer level hardware description language via high-level synthesis.

C#
--------

C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and
component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative.
C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure.

C# is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language.
The language is intended for use in developing software components suitable for deployment in distributed environments.
Source code portability is very important, as is programmer portability, especially for those programmers already familiar with C and C++.
The C# build process is simple compared to C and C++ and more flexible than in Java.

C# is intended to be suitable for writing applications for both hosted and embedded systems, ranging from the very large that use sophisticated operating systems, down to
the very small having dedicated functions.Although C# applications are intended to be economical with regard to memory and processing power requirements, the language was 
not intended to compete directly on performance and size with C or assembly language.

Java
-------

Java is a general-purpose, concurrent, class-based, object-oriented computer programming language that is specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies 
as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere", meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on
another.
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture.
Java is, as of 2012, one of the most popular programming languages in use, particularly for client-server web applications
Java was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems (which has since merged into Oracle Corporation) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform.
The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.
Programs written in Java have a reputation for being slower and requiring more memory than those written in C++.As of December 2012, microbenchmarks show Java 7 is
approximately 44% slower than C++.
The syntax of Java is largely derived from C++. Unlike C++, which combines the syntax for structured, generic, and object-oriented programming, Java was built almost
exclusively as an object-oriented language. All code is written inside a class, and everything is an object, with the exception of the primitive data types (e.g. integers,
floating-point numbers, boolean values, and characters), which are not classes for performance reasons.
Unlike C++, Java does not support operator overloading or multiple inheritance for classes. This simplifies the language and aids in preventing potential errors and anti-pattern design.


PHP
---------

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. 
PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module which generates the resulting web page: PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source 
document rather than calling an external file to process data. It has also evolved to include a command-line interface capability and can be used in standalone graphical
applications.
PHP is free software released under the PHP License, which is incompatible with the GNU General Public License (GPL) due to restrictions on the usage of the term PHP.
PHP can be deployed on most web servers and also as a standalone shell on almost every operating system and platform, free of charge.
PHP source code is compiled on-the-fly to an internal format that can be executed by the PHP engine.[84][85] In order to speed up execution time and not have to compile the
PHP source code every time the web page is accessed , PHP scripts can also be deployed in executable format using a PHP compiler.

Python
---------

Python is a general-purpose, high-level programming language whose design philosophy emphasizes code readability. Python's syntax allows programmers to express concepts in
fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C, and the language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.
Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic 
memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library.
Like other dynamic languages, Python is often used as a scripting language, but is also used in a wide range of non-scripting contexts. Using third-party tools, 
Python code can be packaged into standalone executable programs. Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.

 For a programming problem involving string manipulation and search in a dictionary, scripting languages such as Python were more productive than conventional languages
 such as C and Java. Memory consumption was often "better than Java and not much worse than C or C++".


 Javascript
-----------
JavaScript (JS) is an interpreted computer programming language.
It was originally implemented as part of web browsers so that client-side scripts could interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter
the document content that was displayed.
JavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language that is dynamic, weakly typed, and has first-class functions. Its syntax was influenced by the language C. 
JavaScript copies many names and naming conventions from Java, but the two languages are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics. The key design principles
within JavaScript are taken from the Self and Scheme programming languages.It is a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented,imperative, and functional programming
styles.
JavaScript's use in applications outside of web pages—for example, in PDF documents, site-specific browsers, and desktop widgets—is also significant.
 Newer and faster JavaScript VMs and frameworks built upon them (notably Node.js) have also increased the popularity of JavaScript for server-side web applications.

